well two years ago when the ？？？governement came to party promised to introduce high speed train network in india much on the lines
 of what China has back in 2014 and ? by this announcement we did a reality check aware our railway was and what does china ? off ? ? 
went on board the china will ? ? ? on a journeey on our ???? and here is what we fund a high speed rail network with 11000 kilometer of 
? train move faster than  ??? this is what the chinese to achieve breaking milestone in record speed is the country powers  ??? levels 
of development in ? the high speed rail network today connects for a hundred cities with ? more than 300 kilometers in a hour. and this
 is us ?  ? ? network india ? ? more than 1 ? 15000 kilometers spread distance of 65000 with over 7500. our train ? more than 24 million 
passengers daily ? ? ? between the ? and m? ? ? the distance we ? to cover speed dream.we start a journey ? between us and them.? ? ? ? 
the train station and try ? ? introducing high speed engines ? economy but challenges and ? face is we are  find our jourey starting from
 New Delhi our destination is ? when ？ station will waiting inside to get the ticket ? ? show ? ? what we see the airport in  india ? 
station the ? ? see there are ready to help people the same kind people ? help passengers ? ? ? sounds very intersting and ? ? ? lets go. 
? station ? ? and security check and ? ? this is what we ? ? at the station ? ? come surprise by looking for a ? ? new delhi railway satation 
this is whtat the station would like to offer this ? ? looking at the surrounding is e?tremely dirty and where is no one this for our ? ? to 
buy a bottle of water it would ? ? ? and clear it's not ? ? new border train you have to go up a long ??? there are no elevators and the ? ? 
out of order you have to ??? moving between New Delhi ??? it's obviously not something ??? can do without ? inconvenienced the ??? and there 
are no ??? away from the railway tracks meanwhile back in Shanghai it's a ??? from the railway station we've reached the platform in it's now
 my turn to ???  and feel the e?perience of 350 kilometres per hour ??? now it's time to get ??? trains that the Indian Railways that can
 both ? ？ in China without to ？？let's find out the ？ Shanghai Beijing super E?press are
e?tremely ？？ like you have on ？？tucked in before ？？ and no pants tins the bullet trains aren't as fast they also ？ clean offering a 
world-class travel e?perience the pictures for you to see ？style and speed all together on the bullet 
but let's compare with the Indian ？ has  train accidents discomfort so the comparison is for you to see but the big thing is that we are 
on the train from Shanghai to Beijing roughly thirteen to fourteenhundred kilometers and we got to cover it in a time span of about four 
and a half hours which means we are ？a speed of 300 km/h ？ an e?ecutive ？high speed train that the country has to offer but it's a
 bumpy ride Chinese bullet trains are very smooth lot of times you can't even make out the tail on the move let's try and ？？ batteries
 here with me I ？？and see if ？？ know this is？？it's a problem we are having a ？？it all over this is ？？ trains that be promoted 
in ？？ at 300 km/h ？？ you have ？？ let's place them gear on ？？ onthe floor and by the movement you？？ train offers ？？ choose
 from you ？？shop forcoffee if you w？？o it's complete fun for people who are traveling on the ？？？ this maybe I can take this one 
of this ？ it looks like which is the ？ are all being in the ？？eye into our journey and the ??? starts ??? is a ??? the morningcoffee 
is followed by breakfast packagedby meals on wheels the quality of foodnecessity does meet our bare minimumrequirements but it's nothing 
special about it a ???ad alittle bit of butter there's also an option of South Indian breakfast but ifyou're looking for anything 
high???eIndian snail rail 29 year old ？？ is a regular customer ofthe Indian ？？sing the services for theusers especially rather 
than going forjust trial for you know some???s or something which is actuallywhich takes a lot of your investment itwas our country 
is concerned we ?????? on ???services so that user mayfeel like yes you know we are using thebest services because we have ???is not 
he only unha???board at times in I see inthis e?ecutive class there's a??? ???from that from the top then thevalid turning you see the 
condition ofthe the quality of food ???g that'sthat's not up to the mark simply ??? to the ??? of railways we can we want???women 
have nosecondthought we should actually have this isa time when we should have all ??? e?isting ???that ???unless that's there we can
 howcan we just think of something else ???like focus on basics like they we have enough net well we arethe world's largest network we ??? 
but they are thinking ??? me a??? ??? ??? me it was??? ???rail networks of theworld the Indian Railways ferries eightynine hundred million 
passengers annuallybut it's found ??? that most passengers complain aboutlet's take a look at the kind of ??? are available on the ??? ???there's 
water spilled over ??? ??? our trains have to serve like ??? bo? why can't we ??? ???that are available onthe flights as well if you look if you
 compare our toilets with those??? Railways needs to focus on make ???becomes e?tremely inconvenient if you have dirty toilets is a long journeys
 that people have to ??? if youdon't have access to a clean bathroom ??? coming from passengerson the Chinese bullet who are ??? while on the move 
I won't giveyou a rough feed of the space betweentwo ??? you want to throw something theseare all closed cables and you can??? ??? clean but 
we will move on to the ne?tpart HaiJin that issue thje most passenger complain about, let's check the kind of the toilets set up, 
the Indin has been offer, these water spread over, the toilets oversees stink, why is it like a move litter bo?, we have gone to such
 toilets they are avilisble in the flight, 
if you compare ours with Pole trains, they are much different. this something in the Indin railways need to focues on, e?tremely the  
inconvenience if you have duity toilets, that is a long journey people have to undertake and it is e?tremely uncomfortable if you don't have 
the access to clean it.Nosage coming from a passenger on the chinese boliet, little vibration on the move, i wanna be good , give any emergency, 
every seconds you step to find them, and guess you want to throe something thos close garbage can you can htrow them in the dust bin, very need 
orginatize train remians , we will move on the ne?t part. i want to give the feeling of the toilet and the washroom they are look like.Interestingly, 
very small but clean, you can say give you feeling like a washroom seen in the airplane,the bathroom blash system the one have in the airplane, and 
definitely not in Indian railways, so with this you can find this stytem in that place, the other side, the soft wash, everything is in place, so
you got feeling of actrually a tiny and clean place, every 5 to 10 minutes there is a woman came there to do the ???.president ?? suppose on 
leaving a letter to connect the four metros, the trains e?pected to roll at 320km/h, hape to give the passengers dreaming high fast future.
Onboard Shanghai to Beijing e?press, Anglar is able to cover 1318 Km under 5 hours by traveling at speed 313km/h.which is 270 km takes almost 5 hours.
I have my coffice and my foods in my hand, the train at speed 300km/h, i have no problem when i moveing, there is no problem holding the size
of coffice, will not pulling over.above speed, there are mor plating issue need to be address,hailaike had worked in Indain railways 
about 3 decades, as a ticket condictor, but he said police offices onboard is very seem.?? be able to implement thr dream he set to the 
common man, will the Indian elephant will able to match the Chinese Dragon? the Shanghai to Beijing Journey just over for me. But for 
Indian, the journey is juest began.our journey dinally comes over the ?? station, lots of ??on the presisdent ??, 
that is the recommendation that people have, ask how the Indian device be devive. the challenge has been set, ??'s time starts now. 
Special presentation of the comrative study of the Indian with the chinese bol train, now before the break, we brought to you the 
compare study in 2014, on his trip onboard chinese bol train last year. this is the pride of china, its high-speed train network,
 to get sense of, just how this fast train move, and make sense of Inian to be resting and bought this train from china, we are 
traveling from Beijing to ?ian, this is a journey that earlier used to take more than 4 days, now it takes only 5 hours.for the people pulic 
china, feeling the world's largest super fast railway network is close to let the country booming grow ambition, in the early 1999, the 
passenger trian of china is speed at only 40km/h, people will be forced to fly for short journey, in 1999 chinese began to builbing its 
first high speed railway, with 15 years, china has already the nation network thats bigger and all the high-speed all of world put together.
and the time have been dependency, the Indian train networks was 44km while the chinese was only 27 km, the railways was twice size of the
chines railways, but since the the chinese to real networkm the Indian is only 11km, we back to the 90 centry the Indian railway was laying,
 and even looking at the possiablitybeing a real line  to china why obma the skills have already done and now the Indian has a lot of catching need to do.
why presisdent ?? announce for his quest for the high speed train the latest Indian city, question are asked what is the speeding money that 
required dund e?pected dream, even in china, whether or not , it takes huge amount of money foe the project, that could not be offerrd by the 
??? from people the people of the country, accroding to the conserve the vestiment, the total cost fund in china on high speed rail upwords 300 
biliant dollars in the bust, the cost of high speed to go to Beijing from ?ian is 134 yuan.which is more than cost of 8 ticket taili to
 mengbai. the train is showing that is 295km/h. China's early high-speed trains are important of technology transport train makers.
 chinese engineers that read internal train compent and build trains to reach this speed 340km/h. the average of this train is 200km/h.
China already has the longest high speed train.Japanese and Americam and European called ?? every km of the high-speed raillway network 
cost 20million dollars, in California, this cost goes up with as much as 56 million dollars, why does huge cost with setting up high-speed 
railway network. whether we are feeling to hand over as set infrastructure as the railway for chinese company.